# Line-following-robocar
This project is based on the fundamentals of electronics, such as essential electronic devices, circuit design and transmitter and receiver and includes the essential C# and Audorino programming. It also introduces the concepts of sensors such as infrared (IR) and Ultrasonic.
In the electronics section, I designed my own transmitter and receiver circuit in pre-existing software such as Eagle and fabricated in the PCB.
In the computer section, we have to program the Robocar (Buggy) in such a way as to follow the line on the designed track using IR and ultrasonic sensors through wireless Zig-Bee communication.

Bronze Challenge: In this challenge, the buggy will follow a defined track twice in a clockwise direction, under complete supervisory control. Full supervisory authority means we can control the movement of the buggy through wireless communication. It can detect an obstacle using an ultrasonic sensor and will be able to park safely. During the movement, it will be able to print the state of the track and buggy at each gantry stop.

Silver Challenge: In this challenge, there will be two buggies, which will work under complete supervisory control and will also detect obstacles. In the initial position, both buggies will park in the opposite direction on the parking lane. When I issue the go command, buggy one will start its journey and park under the gantry on one parallel track to the parking lane. This parked buggy will send a command to buggy 2. Upon receiving this command, buggy two will start the journey and bypass the parallel track where the other buggy is parked. Buggy 2 will complete its journey by safely parking itself on the parking lane. This parked buggy will send a resume command to buggy one, and then buggy one will resume its journey to park on the parking lane safely and avoid collision with other cart. During this process, all buggies will print the state of the track and buggies at each gantry stop.
